[{"proGoodTitle":"Product advantages","proNameTitle":"Cloud Database SQL Server Service","proDiffTitle":"Traditional self-built SQL Server","proGood":"<b>Cost saving</b>","proName":"(1) No need to purchase expensive hardware devices in advance. <br>\n (2) No need to purchase SQL Server license. <br>\n (3) Pay on demand and high resource utilization. <br>\n (4) Manpower saved and business development focused. <br>","proDiff":" Self-purchase various hardware devices and provide the machine room <br>\n- Self-purchase SQL Server License <br>\n- Incapable of elastic dilatation, low resource utilization rate <br>\n- Need system engineer, DBA or other IT professionals"},{"proGood":"<b>Rich functions </b>","proName":"The main special functions consist of: <br> \n (1)  <b>automatic fault switching</b>, which almost cannot be perceived by applications. <br> \n (2)  <b>regular daily backup </b>, and any time point can be restored within 7 days. <br> \n (3)  <b>database audit</b>, meeting the compliance requirements. <br> \n (4)  <b> Performance Statistics & Analysis</b>, and the potential performance bottleneck is found. <br> \n (5)  <b>multiple security protection mechanism</b>, ensuring the data security. <br> \n (6)  <b> Cloud on Single Database </b>, and data can be easily uploaded on the cloud in three steps. <br> \n (7)  <b>automatic monitor alarm</b>, characterized by easy operations.","proDiff":" Self-setup of a high-availability framework <br> \n-  Manual backup and recovery <br> \n- Need performance optimization by professionals, the optimization effect depends on the personnel's technical level. <br> \n- No monitor alarm, or need to purchase monitor alarm for deployment of the third party"},{"proGood":"<b>Efficient and stable </b>","proName":"(1) <b>Full SSD storage</b>, high IO efficiency, solution for IO bottleneck of database. <br>\n (2) <b>Highly-available primary and standby architectures</b>, automatic fault transfer. <br>\n (3) <b>Carefully optimized operating environment</b>, stable and reliable. <br>\n (4) <b>Multi availability zones deployment</b>, greatly improving system reliability.\n","proDiff":" Traditional magnetic disk or array, IO efficiency becomes the bottleneck. <br>\n- Self-setup of a high-availability framework, complex <br>\n- Self-configuration of operating environment, the system operation effect depends on the technician's level and experience. \n"},{"proGood":"<b>Convenient operation and maintenance</b>","proName":"(1) <b>Convenient: </b>Create an instance by one key, launch in several minutes<br>\n (2) <b>Worry-free: </b>No need to pay attention to the system and database patches. <br>\n (3) <b>Care-free: </b>Multi-dimensional monitoring and automatic alarm. <br>\n (4) <b>Rest assured: </b>7*24h guard by a professional team.","proDiff":" Manual setup of operating system, database, etc., online time (day) <br>\n- Self-installation of system and database patches <br>\n- No monitoring or need exclusive monitoring by a third party <br>\n- The operation and maintenance effect depends on the technician's level and experience. \n"},{"proGood":"<b>Cost saving</b>","proName":"(1) No need to purchase expensive hardware devices in advance. <br>\n (2) No need to purchase SQL Server license. <br>\n (3) Pay on demand and high resource utilization. <br>\n (4) Manpower saved and business development focused. <br>","proDiff":" Self-purchase various hardware devices and provide the machine room <br>\n- Self-purchase SQL Server License <br>\n- Incapable of elastic dilatation, low resource utilization rate <br>\n- Need system engineer, DBA or other IT professionals"}]