[{"proGoodTitle":"","proNameTitle":"","proDiffTitle":"","proGood":"Auto operation and maintenance","proName":"With the quality detection service, the lightweight cloud experience is supplied. The cloud issues the detection policies and the status of the nodes to be detected is updated in real time. The flexible API interfaces can be customized so as to facilitate connection with the third-party Domain Name Resolution products and realize the intelligent scheduling. The functions of intelligent resolution and HTTP DNS resolution are provided to flexibly face up to the tests of sophisticated user scenarios.","proDiff":""},{"proGood":"VM risk visualization","proName":"The automatic scanning and recognition system has security risks, the potential security threats are timely found, and the multi-dimensional visual security analysis report is generated to comprehensively master the overall security conditions of the machine, timely optimize and reinforce security risks and improve endpoint security and defense capability of the machine.","proDiff":""},{"proGood":"Accurate real-time defense","proName":"Based on the multi-engine detection technology, the detection and recognition of abnormal user behaviors can be realized, and real-time and accurate intrusion behaviors such as violent cracking and abnormal login can be found. It can quickly respond to intercept malicious intrusions and attack behaviors and reports security incidents in real time.","proDiff":""},{"proGood":"Centralized security management","proName":"JD Cloud users can perform the machine security test, defense configuration, security reinforce, and display and warn security events intensively via JD console. There is no operation interface displayed by the VM system.","proDiff":""},{"proGood":"Auto operation and maintenance","proName":"With the quality detection service, the lightweight cloud experience is supplied. The cloud issues the detection policies and the status of the nodes to be detected is updated in real time. The flexible API interfaces can be customized so as to facilitate connection with the third-party Domain Name Resolution products and realize the intelligent scheduling. The functions of intelligent resolution and HTTP DNS resolution are provided to flexibly face up to the tests of sophisticated user scenarios.","proDiff":""}]