[{"proGoodTitle":"Product advantages","proNameTitle":"DevOps","proDiffTitle":"","proGood":"DevOps improves the enterprise delivery capacity","proName":"The operating platform is unified to break down the barriers between the development team and the O&M team and increase the compiling, on-line and deployment efficiency of applications. The logs of application instances can be collected in a unified way to realize quick search and retrieval, so as to assist in the rapid positioning of problems, help an enterprise to quickly realize DevOps and support the quick and stable development of enterprise business.","proDiff":""},{"proGood":"Cross-platform mixed cloud management","proName":"It adopts the network load interface abstraction and multi-platform adaptation technology to implement private cloud, public cloud and various virtual platforms. Such as the unified access management of VMware, OpenStack and physical machine resources. It helps users realize unified operation and maintenance management.","proDiff":""},{"proGood":"Service fault-tolerant, never drop","proName":"It automatically relocates the container (VM) from a crashed server and generates a new instance to protect services from connection interruption and ensure highly reliable services. It means that you never have to spend a sleepless night when one or two servers crash. The system monitors the service health status automatically and adjusts clusters dynamically to realize the allocation of relevant prearranged programs and automatic fault recovery.","proDiff":""},{"proGood":"Full-link monitoring service","proName":"The monitoring covers a range from basic resources to business logic. With a powerful collection function, it supports basic monitoring, live monitoring, performance monitoring, and workload monitoring. You can have a comprehensive understanding of resources, performance, and running status through monitoring. Anomaly detection and multidimensional data analysis help cut loss in time, shorten abnormal MTTR, and ensure normal operation of services.","proDiff":""},{"proGood":"DevOps improves the enterprise delivery capacity","proName":"The operating platform is unified to break down the barriers between the development team and the O&M team and increase the compiling, on-line and deployment efficiency of applications. The logs of application instances can be collected in a unified way to realize quick search and retrieval, so as to assist in the rapid positioning of problems, help an enterprise to quickly realize DevOps and support the quick and stable development of enterprise business.","proDiff":""}]