[{"proGoodTitle":"Product advantages","proNameTitle":"JMR","proDiffTitle":"Physical cluster","proGood":"Security and reliability","proName":"Each cluster is isolated through VPC, and the firewall is automatically configured to manage network access; it supports the automatic configuration of network ACL and Security Group. The cluster has its own high availability scheme and provides the cluster monitoring management function.","proDiff":"Need to spend lots of energy and time to set up a big data security mechanism."},{"proGood":"Simple and easy to use","proName":"The hardware model (CPU, memory and disk), software portfolio and version, and network environment are selected based on its business scale, and the whole process is automatically deployed. It usually takes a dozen minutes to create a cluster.","proDiff":"The operation and maintenance department needs to plan the cluster construction scheme, including site selection of machine room, machine configuration & type selection, software version and network. \n The purchase period usually lasts for several months. It also includes the internal financial flow in the Company.  "},{"proGood":"Cost saving","proName":"The cluster can be created according to requirements. In other words, the cluster is released as soon as the off-line operation ends. You can add nodes dynamically as needed or purchase the service based on volume for long-term use.","proDiff":"High rentals for the machine room, the increased volume of business results in continuous dilatation of the cluster scale. At this moment, it is of high costs for operation and maintenance personnel. The increased cluster nodes also need to go through a special purchase flow."},{"proGood":"Deep integration","proName":"It is in close cooperation with other JD Cloud products, e.g. Cloud Storage, Cloud Monitor and Big Data Analysis Platform, as the input source or output destination of Hadoop/Spark computing engine in JMR product.","proDiff":"Need to set up extra message-oriented Middleware clusters, or relational data and other application software."},{"proGood":"Security and reliability","proName":"Each cluster is isolated through VPC, and the firewall is automatically configured to manage network access; it supports the automatic configuration of network ACL and Security Group. The cluster has its own high availability scheme and provides the cluster monitoring management function.","proDiff":"Need to spend lots of energy and time to set up a big data security mechanism."}]