#Features

Features|Cloud Cache Redis|Self-built Redis
:---|:--|:---
High Availability|Hot Standby, Automatic Switching. When the primary node fails, the secondary node is quickly promoted to be the new primary node, and the service is continued; the service data is persisted, and the instance is deployed across the Availability Zone to ensure data security and uninterrupted operation of the business.|Self Installation and Configuration of Primary-secondary Nodes; Ensure the operation of the redis service, database management relying on technicians.
Smooth Expansion|One-click Expansion, Convenient and Fast. Enable flexible expansion, on-demand selection, and on-demand upgrade according to usage, so as to improve resource utilization and reduce redundancy costs; you can log in to the console to expand, the entire process will not affect your On-line business.|After exceeding the capacity threshold, it is necessary to create a sufficient amount of resources, interrupt application connections, and migrate data. This process will affect normal access to the service. Long expansion period and low resource utilization rate
High Performance|Using the Memory as a storage medium, it provides much higher performance than relational databases based on the low latency and high throughput characteristics of the Redis engine; Source-level escort, ultra-high performance can meet most of your scenario needs; Support most Redis commands, easily address Redis's high-capacity or high-performance business needs; Provide cluster version specifications to extend Redis performance, break the performance bottleneck of Redis's single-threading mechanism|Need to study core code, and develop, maintain, and resolve cache issues.
Large Capacity|Mass Storage, Unlimited Capacity. The cluster version adopts a distributed architecture, and the data is distributed on multiple physical machines. It breaks through the physical limitations of single machine and solves the bottleneck of storing mass data on Redis.|Due to physical memory limit, it needs to solve the capacity and stability problems by itself.
Monitoring Alarms|Various types of monitoring are provided for users, including the monitoring of the amount of usage, number of connections, QPS and the number of Keys, etc., with the aim to display the visual data monitoring. Full-link monitoring and early warning to alert you in advance to risks, and help you quickly locate and solve problems. You need to develop your own monitoring system. The operation and maintenance personnel are on standby.
Low Cost | It configures, runs, and extends Redis without operations such as machine installation and deployment, and operation and maintenance of the database; it has functions like resource monitoring and maintaining stability, which reduce daily maintenance workload.|Need to build services by specific personnel, time-consuming and labor-intensive, high labor costs.
