# Features
## Instance Type Family and Type
The instance type family determines the hardware configuration and computing power of the virtual machine. JD Cloud provides four types of instances: general, compute optimized, memory optimized, and high frequency compute. The instance types and specifications can be selected according to different scenarios and business volume levels. It supports to adjust instance type at any time to respond to business changes. Single instance can choose 72vCPU and 576GB of memory to the most.
## Image
Image is the business running environment, you can choose it by yourself. JD Cloud provides public image, private image and cloud marketplace image.
The public image includes multiple released versions of CentOS, Ubuntu, and Windows Server. The private image is the image that you created for the virtual machine that has completed environment deployment. The cloud marketplace image is produced, operated and maintained by the service provider (including JD Cloud service team), which integrates the running environment or software and can realize a complete backup of the operating environment and data so as to further enable service recovery or rapid deployment in batches. You can also share the private image with other JD Cloud accounts.
## Cloud Disk Service
The cloud disk service is a block storage service provided by JD Cloud for the virtual machine. The data in the cloud disk service is stored as multiple real-time copies. It is able to quickly expand the data storage space in minutes and enables persistent storage of data. It provides two storage options, i.e., SSD Cloud Disk and Premium Hdd Cloud Disk, of which the former has a capacity of up to 1TB, and the maximum IOPS and maximum throughput of the single disk are 20,000 and 100MBps respectively. And the latter has a capacity of up to 3TB, with the maximum IOPS of the single disk and the maximum throughput reaching 3,000 and 80MBps respectively. At the same time, it supports incremental snapshots, which can be used to create a new cloud disk service or restore the original disk data to the snapshot taking time.
## Network
Virtual private cloud (VPC) is the network environment for your customized logical isolation. It supports self-planning network deployment, including preset/non-preset network range (CIDR), sub-network segment, routing policy, etc., and can realize multi-level security protection through security groups and network ACLs. Meanwhile, the existing networks can be extended through VPC peering connection or direct connect service. The elastic IP is an EIP address that can be applied for independently, which supports dynamic associating and disassociating. The network bandwidth can be dynamically adjusted without shutting down. When an instance fails, the elastic IP can drift to the redundant instance to achieve fast response to the fault.
## Instance Template
The instance template is the configuration information template for creating VM instance provided by JD Cloud, including the image, instance type, type and capacity of system disk & data disk, virtual private cloud and subnet configuration, security group, and login information, etc. Creating instance by instance template does not need to re-specify the parameters that are included in the instance template. You can create the virtual machine of the same configuration multiple times so that the service deployment time can be shortened.
## Availability Group
The availability group is a physical distributed disaster-tolerant deployment solution provided by JD Cloud across the availability zones. The virtual machines in the group are deployed in multiple fault domains in the data center to minimize the impact of local faults on the overall availability application. The availability group can enable the automatic scaling function to automatically expand and shrink capacity along with application load fluctuations.
## Management Tools
It provides OpenAPI and console to manage the virtual machine, such as creating, starting and stopping. At the same time, you can login the virtual machine for environment configuration by using the console VNC and remote SSH.
## Billing Type
The virtual machine supports two billing methods, i.e., billing by monthly package and billing by configuration. The former method shall be prepaid, with one-time payment covering 1-9 months or 1-3 years, which is applicable for scenarios where the business demand can be estimated in advance (applicable to scenarios where the number and size of instances can be estimated in advance), and the price is more favorable than the latter method.

Pay by configuration is a pay-as-you-go method, which provides more flexible lifecycle management. The billing period is 1 hour and is settled according to the purchased virtual machine specifications and service duration (accurate to second). Switching from billing by configuration to monthly package is supported.

It is recommended to select pay by configuration in the initial test phase and select the appropriate instance specifications according to the test results, and then switch to the monthly package to save costs.