[{"funcName":"Scheduling of GTC Global Traffic","funcContent":[{"funcName":"","funcTitle":"GTC global traffic scheduling is delivered as a cloud service","funcP":"GTC global traffic's scheduling is delivered in the mode of cloud service, which realizes the scheduling of whole-network's business traffic. GTC can intelligently schedule user's traffic to the nearest POP node in order to improve business experience. Combined with the detection service of cloud's business quality and based on massive & multi-dimensional probe's data sources, it can discover business' availability problem in real-time, realize the real-time scheduling and switching regarding the traffic and automatic operation & maintenance management AND can solve the timeliness problem of manual operation & maintenance."}]},{"funcName":"Application Load Balancer","funcContent":[{"funcName":"","funcTitle":"Provide application load balancer for privatized deployments","funcP":"Provide network load balancer function for privatized deployment of user access products, which supports HTTPS and HTTP 2.0 protocol to achieve a rapid and safe upgrading of the whole website. Support SSL acceleration to enhance the service access experience. Support application routing functions such as domain and path name. The active health check quickly eliminates faulty nodes, and the global load intelligently adjusts the service load imbalance."}]},{"funcName":"Network Load Balancer","funcContent":[{"funcName":"","funcTitle":"Provide network load balancer for privatized deployments","funcP":"Provide network load balancer function for privatized deployment of user access products, which has been independently developed kernel based on DPDK technology and tested through the traffic of the whole network service of JD.com, with high performance and high reliability. A single machine of the Full-NAT mode supports a million-level QPS and 1600W concurrent. Support session synchronization to ensure persistent connection without interruption. At the same time, TCP syn-proxy is supported which can perform secondary cleaning of attack traffic and provide better security protection."}]},{"funcName":"Management of operation & maintenance and data monitoring","funcContent":[{"funcName":"","funcTitle":"Provide a unified control platform for the entire network SLB","funcP":"Operation and maintenance management and data monitoring provide a unified control platform for SLB of the entire network, enabling functions such as domain name management, load balancer management and open ticket management of the entire network. Centralized management, service based on open tickets, and service autonomy. Many years' accumulated experience of JD.com operation and maintenance management will be suitable for a variety of user scenarios and needs. The service access is completed in three steps. The simple, flexible traffic switching can provide comprehensive and abundant analysis reports, such as service traffic report, cluster capacity report, connection status report and so on. The service status is absolutely clear. Various problems in the traditional operation and maintenance are solved."}]},{"funcName":"Detection of Cloud Business Quality","funcContent":[{"funcName":"","funcTitle":"Multi-dimensional service quality data for establishing a network-wide service quality system","funcP":"Multi-dimensional service quality data can establish a business quality system of the whole network for the users. Providing service quality detection and node quality detection function. The data is accurate, with strong real-time and fast speed. It can deploy probes as needed according to actual service scenario of the user to increase the granularity of detection. The cloud service mode provides the self-learning architecture that does not require manual intervention, and the operation and maintenance cost is low."}]},{"funcName":"DDoS Linkage Protection","funcContent":[{"funcName":"","funcTitle":"DDoS protection function for privatized deployment","funcP":"Provide privately deployed DDoS protection function, support network layer and application layer security protection, and it also supports attack protection against such as Syn flood, Ack flood, UDP flood, ICMP flood and so on. Innovate cloud IP high anti-linkage mechanism, offline analysis of normal state, connect Advanced Anti-DDoS in series in the event of attack to improve protection ability. Cloud TB protection capability, security expert team provides 7*24-hour support."}]}]