[{"funcName":"Elastic Compute","funcContent":[{"funcName":"","funcTitle":"Second generation VM","funcP":"JD Cloud's second generation VM applies the latest generation of Intel®Xeon® Gold processor. Compared with the previous generation product, the processor's comprehensive performance is significantly improved, and the floating-point calculation performance per clock cycle is doubled. Significantly increased workload speed. The latest VM will provide higher vCPU and memory specification configuration. JD Cloud carried out deeply optimization in virtualization, network and scheduling and other aspects, and its business performance has been greatly improved, which can better support computationally intensive scenarios, such as scientific modeling, gene computing, data mining and analysis, high performance computing etc. \n"},{"funcName":"","funcTitle":"Rich configuration types and specifications","funcP":"JD Cloud provides four types of specifications: general-purpose, compute optimized, memory optimized, and high frequency computing. Users can select VM specification types and corresponding specifications according to different application levels, and allocate CPU, memory, storage, and EIP as demanded. It supports flexible adjustment of CPU and memory, expands storage and adjusts network bandwidth without shutting down to ensure continuous application service."},{"funcName":"","funcTitle":"Extra-large memory instance","funcP":"JD Cloud provides the largest memory VM in domestic, exclusive enjoys 1464GB DDR4 memory, which meets the requirements of large-scale service deployment with extremely high data exchange speed and memory capacity."}]},{"funcName":"Reliable Storage","funcContent":[{"funcName":"","funcTitle":"Scalable Cloud Disk Service","funcP":"The cloud disk is a low-latency, high-reliability block-level storage provided by JD Cloud for users. Users have three options for cloud disks which include Premium Hdd Cloud Disk, SSD cloud disk and ultra-high performance cloud disk. Support the setting of the capacity of cloud disk on demand and the scaling thereof to meet the rapid growth of the business. In addition, the cloud disk provides the snapshot function. The snapshot of the cloud disk data can further meet the requirements of batch deployment and fast recovery."}]},{"funcName":" Network","funcContent":[{"funcName":"","funcTitle":"Network isolation","funcP":"VPC divides a separate and secure private space for users. VPCs are isolated independently. VMs can be deployed under different VPCs to achieve network isolation. Users can fully control network management, support independent sub-netting, EIP configuration, etc. In addition, the user's local server can be connected to the JD VM through a VPN or a direct connect service to expand the existing network deployment."},{"funcName":"","funcTitle":"Elastic IP","funcP":"The EIP is associated with the JD Cloud account. The user can associate any VM in the same area to implement external network access of the VM. At the same time, you can adjust the bandwidth and change the binding VM according to the actual network usage. JD Cloud provides up to 2Gbps of free DDoS protection for EIP, without interruption defense against cyber attacks."}]},{"funcName":"Security and Monitoring","funcContent":[{"funcName":"","funcTitle":"SSH Key Pair","funcP":"JD Cloud allows the use of secret key encryption to decrypt the machine login information based on Linux system, providing users with a more secure key login method than password login, so that your machine rights management is simplified while enjoying a higher level of security."},{"funcName":"","funcTitle":"Security Group","funcP":"Security group is a distributed and stateful virtual firewall with the function of detecting and filtering the data packets coming in and out of the VM. Network groups can be used to control network access for single or multiple VM(s), including east-west traffic between VMs and north-south traffic between VM and EIP's communication. Network security isolation between VMs can be realized by using the function of security group."},{"funcName":"","funcTitle":"Resource Monitoring","funcP":"Monitoring VMs based on multi-dimensionality, which is convenient for users to grasp VM resource usage, performance and running status in real time. Support customized alarm rules for different monitoring indicators, and send alarm notifications via SMS, email and etc., to meet the demands of different user scenarios and ensure the continuous and stable operation of the application."}]},{"funcName":"Image","funcContent":[{"funcName":"","funcTitle":"Public Image","funcP":"The public base mirror image provided by JD Cloud contains multiple distribution editions of Linux and Windows. The Public Image contains the initial system environment or basic software, and the user can configure the application environment and related software configuration according to actual application demands."},{"funcName":"","funcTitle":"Private Image","funcP":"Based on custom mirror image created by own VM, it could use for deploying VM with consistent environment quickly in batch. In addition, it also supports users share their Private Images with other JD Cloud users to use."},{"funcName":"","funcTitle":"Image Marketplace","funcP":"The image provided by the service providers (including the official team of JD Cloud) in JD Cloud-Cloud Marketplace integrates the running environment or software of different service scenarios which is convenient for users to quickly deploy services."}]}]