**This service term is a valid agreement between the owner of the JD Cloud website (referred to in this Agreement as "JD Cloud" website: **[**www.jdcloud.com**](https://www.jdcloud.com/)**) and you on matters relating to Kubernetes service. By stamping, clicking to confirm on the web page, or other ways to accept the Service Terms, including but not limited to the actual use of Kubernetes service of JD Cloud without clicking to confirm the Service Terms, you have reached an agreement with JD Cloud and agreed to accept all agreed contents of the Service Terms. In case of any inconsistency between the text stamped by both parties and the text of Service Terms accepted and confirmed by clicking the web page or other ways, the text stamped by both parties shall prevail. For the Service Terms, you are reminded to pay special attention to the restriction and exemption terms, determination and handling terms of JD Cloud on your violations and breach of contract, and the selection terms of jurisdictional courts. Restriction and exemption terms may be indicated in bold or by underline for your attention. You should carefully read the entire contents of the Service Terms before accepting the Service Terms. If you have any questions about the Service Terms, please contact the relevant business department of JD Cloud and JD Cloud will explain the terms to you. If you do not agree on any of the contents of the Service Terms, or cannot accurately understand the interpretation of these terms made by JD Cloud, please do not continue the operation. **

**1. Service Content**
1.1. "Services" in the terms means JD Cloud provides you with the Kubernetes service and related technical and network support services displayed on the website [www.jdcloud.com](https://www.jdcloud.com/).
1.2. The service provided by JD Cloud must comply with the provisions of the Service Terms.

**2. Service Fee**

​2.1. The service fee will be listed on your order page. You can choose the specific service type and pay at the price listed.
2.2. You can choose between pay-in-advance or pay-as-you-go:
2.2.1. Pay-In-Advance
2.2.1.1. After you pay, JD Cloud will start to provide service for you.

2.2.1.2. Upon expiration of the service, if both parties are willing to continue cooperation, you shall pay the renewal fee within 7 days at least prior to the expiration so that the service can continue. If JD Cloud adjusts the product system, name or price at the time of renewal, both parties agree to perform in accordance with the new effective product system, name or price.
2.2.2. Pay-As-You-Go
You can select the pay-as-you-go mode. Please refer to the announcement on [www.jdcloud.com](https://www.jdcloud.com/) for the specific deduction rules and the existing valid billing model and standards for pay-as-you-go service published on the page shall prevail.
2.3. JD Cloud reserves the right not to provide you with service and/or technical support or to terminate the service and/or technical support until you have paid the full fee as agreed. And JD Cloud also reserves the right to pursue legal responsibilities for the arrears in pay-as-you-go services.
2.4. You fully understand that all the free service items or activities in the JD Cloud's price system are one-off special offers beyond JD Cloud's normal service price. The special offer does not include the modification, update and maintenance fees of the free service items, and the free service items cannot be used to charge against the service price.
2.5. You understand and agree that JD Cloud has the right to unilaterally adjust the fee standard and charging method at any time according to the actual situation, without obtaining your prior consent, JD Cloud will notify you in advance of the aforesaid adjustment and change to the best efforts within reasonable limits via the official website announcement, the website notice or the contact information you provide, and the service that has been purchased before the adjustment date and paid in full will not be affected.

**3. Rights and Obligations**

3.1. Your Rights and Obligations
3.1.1 You agree to abide by the Service Terms and the relevant management regulations and procedures provided on the service display page. You understand that the above agreements and regulations may change from time to time. If any contents of the Service Terms is changed, JD Cloud shall prompt you the changes by making announcement on the appropriate page in advance at [www.jdcloud.com](https://www.jdcloud.com/). If you disagree with the changes in provisions of the Service Terms made by JD Cloud, you have the right to stop using the services of JD Cloud. In this case, JD Cloud shall settle the service fee (if any) with you, and you shall move out the business data. If you continue to use services of JD Cloud, you are deemed to have accepted the modifications made by JD Cloud to Service Terms.
3.1.2 You shall pay the corresponding service fee according to the instructions of JD Cloud on the page and the provisions of the Service Terms.
3.1.3 You promise:
​3.1.3.1 If you use the services provided by JD Cloud to conduct operating or non-operating activities that require the license or approval of the relevant national authorities, you shall obtain the relevant license or approval, including but not limited to the following:
If your website provides non-operating Internet information services, you must fill the non-operating website on the record, and ensure that all the filling information submitted is true and effective, and submit the updated information in the filing system in a timely manner when the filing information changes;
If your website provides operating Internet information services, you shall also obtain a license for the operating website at your local communications administration;
If you provide electronic bulletin services such as BBS, you shall also file on the record or obtain corresponding approval according to relevant laws and regulations;
If you operate an Internet game website, you shall obtain an Internet culture business license according to laws;
If you operate an Internet video website, you shall obtain a license for the information network communication and audiovisual programs according to laws;
If you are engaged in Internet information services such as news, publishing, education, medical care, medicines and medical devices, the review and approval of the competent authorities shall be obtained when required by laws, administrative regulations and relevant national regulations before applying for a business license or performing the filing procedures.
You understand and acknowledge that the above list does not cover all types of licenses or approvals required from the relevant national authorities for your operating or non-operating activities. You shall obtain the relevant license or approval, and shall comply with the requirements of relevant laws and regulations issued by the state and local governments from time to time.
​ 3.1.3.2 Except for the expressive permission of JD Cloud, the services or software provided by JD Cloud shall not be modified, translated, adapted, leased, transferred, or transmitted on the information networks, and the source code of services or software provided by JD Cloud shall not be discovered through reverse engineering, decompiling or other ways;
3.1.3.3 If the services of JD Cloud involve the license of third-party software, you agree to abide by the relevant license agreement;
3.1.3.4 Do Not Intersperse Email Ads or SPAMs: Do not use the services provided by JD Cloud to intersperse a large number of undesired or uncalled emails, electronic advertising or emails containing reactionary information, pornographic information or other harmful information;
3.1.3.5 The cloud server provided by JD Cloud shall not be used as a virtual server, or used as a disk space for rent, or used as an illegal proxy server or SPAM server;
3.1.3.6 Do not use the resources and services provided by JD Cloud to upload, download, store, and release the following information or contents and do not provide any convenience for others to release such information (including but not limited to setting URL, BANNER links, etc.):
3.1.3.6.1 Political propaganda and/or news information in violation of national regulations;
3.1.3.6.2 Information relating to state secrets and/or security;
3.1.3.6.3 Information on feudal superstitions and/or obscene, pornographic, indecent information or information abetting offences;
3.1.3.6.4 Lottery, gambling games, "private services", "plug-in" and other illegal Internet publishing activities;
3.1.3.6.5 Information that violates national ethnic and religious policies;
3.1.3.6.6 Information that impedes the operation safety of the Internet;
3.1.3.6.7 Information that infringes upon the lawful rights and interests of others and/or other information or content that is detrimental to social order, social security, and public morals;
3.1.3.6.8 Other content that violates laws and regulations, departmental regulations or national policies.
3.1.3.7 Do not occupy, or lead programs or processes, etc. to occupy a large amount of server memory, CPU or network bandwidth resources in the platform (hereinafter referred to as "cloud platform") composed of JD Cloud computing resources (such as cloud server, network bandwidth and storage space), or bring severe and unreasonable loads to the JD Cloud platform or JD Cloud's other users' networks, servers (including but not limited to local and non-local and international networks, servers, etc.), products/applications, etc., or affect the normal and smooth communication among JD Cloud and the Internet, or JD Cloud and specific networks, servers, interior of JD Cloud as well, or result in server's downtime, crash of products and services of JD Cloud or other users, or no access to products/applications on the cloud platform for the users and other problems;
3.1.3.8 Do not conduct any behavior or attempt to undermine the network security (including but not limited to phishing, hacking, phishing, website or space containing or suspected of spreading: viruses, Trojans and malicious codes as well as suspected behaviors of attacking other websites and servers via virtual servers, such as scanning, sniffing, ARP spoofing and DOS);
3.1.3.9 Do not change or attempt to change the system configuration provided by JD Cloud or damage the system security;
3.1.3.10. Do not use the services provided by JD Cloud to engage in acts that damage the legitimate rights and interests of JD Cloud, JD Cloud's affiliates or the companies or websites within JD Group. The aforementioned acts that damage the legitimate rights and interests of JD Group and the website include but are not limited to violations against any service agreement/terms, management rules, trading rules and other regulatory contents announced by JD Group, destroying or attempting to undermine the fair trading environment or normal trading order of JD Group;
3.1.3.11 Do not engage in other activities in violation of laws, regulations or the Service Terms of JD Cloud.
3.1.3.12 In case that JD Cloud discovers you have violated the above provisions, we have the right to take corresponding measures based on the actual conditions, including but not limited to immediately terminating and suspending the service or deleting corresponding information. If a third-party organization or an individual raises a question or complaint against you, JD Cloud will inform you that you are responsible for making explanations and issuing the supporting evidences within the specified time. If you fail to provide contrary evidence or provide feedback within the time limit, JD Cloud will take measures including but not limited to stopping or suspending services immediately or deleting relevant information. If you do not update your contact information or the contact information is incorrect that leads to failure of contacting you, you will be deemed you fail to provide feedback within the time limit.
3.1.4 You should not install or use any pirated software on the JD Cloud service platform, otherwise you are solely responsible for the results of your actions (such as software installation and operation by yourself).
3.1.5 You are responsible for the data stored on the JD Cloud platform and the integrity and confidentiality of the passwords and codes for entering and managing various products and services on the JD Cloud platform. All losses and consequences caused by the loss or leakage of data, key, passwords, etc. due to your improper maintenance or improper confidentiality measures shall be borne by yourself.
3.1.6 You shall submit to JD Cloud the contacts who implement the Service Terms and the list of personnel managing products and services on the user network and cloud platform and their and contact information, and shall provide necessary assistance. If the above personnel change, you should update the information online and notify JD Cloud in time. You are responsible for the untrue, inaccurate or incomplete identity information provided by you as well as the consequences caused by the matters above.
3.1.7 You are responsible for the data content stored on the JD Cloud platform. If the public information uploaded or published violates laws and regulations, departmental rules or national policies, all the consequences and liabilities resulting therefrom shall will be borne by yourself. JD Cloud will supervise this and will remind you of non-compliance or suspected non-compliance, and solemnly remind you to carefully decide the legality of the data content.
3.1.8 You must keep the access log records of your website in accordance with the Regulations on Internet Information Service Management and Regulations on Internet Electronic Bulletin Service Management and other laws and regulations, including the published information content and its release time, IP, domain names, etc. When inquired by the relevant governmental organs, you shall provide relevant information in accordance with the laws. You are solely responsible for all legal liabilities arising from the failure of keeping relevant records as required.
3.1.9 In view of limitation of the existing technology development level in this industry, you understand that JD Cloud cannot guarantee that the services it provides are flawless (for example, security products of JD Cloud cannot guarantee the absolute security of your hardware or software), but it promises to improve the service quality and service levels continuously. Therefore, you agree even if the services provided by JD Cloud have defects, the above-mentioned defects are unavoidable due to the technical level in the industry at the time, and it will not be regarded as JD Cloud's default. You agree to cooperate with JD Cloud to solve the above problems.
3.1.10 Data backup is your obligation and responsibility. The virtual machine of JD Cloud may be configured with the necessary tools with daily data backup function, which does not mean that data backup is an obligation of JD Cloud. JD Cloud does not guarantee full backup of user data, nor does it assume any responsibility for user data backup work or results.
3.2. Rights and Obligations of JD Cloud
3.2.1 JD Cloud shall provide services in accordance with the Service Terms.
3.2.2 During the service period, JD Cloud will provide you with the following customer services:
3.2.2.1 JD Cloud provides 7×24h after-sales fault service and effective contact information for paying users as well as ensures that they can contact the fault handling personnel. The fault contacts will provide timely feedback after the fault has been identified.
3.2.2.2 JD Cloud provides a 7×24h online open ticket service system to answer customer questions.
3.2.3 Where the service involves Kubernetes service, JD Cloud is responsible only for the operation maintenance at the bottom part of operating system and of the software provided by JD Cloud, that is, the related technical architecture and operating system of the Kubernetes service. You will be responsible for the upper part of the operating system (such as the applications you install on your system). Besides, if you upgrade your operating system yourself, it may cause adverse effects such as downtime. Please consider the risks and operation with caution.
3.2.4 JD Cloud will clear the faults caused by non-human factors, except for your reasons and/or force majeure as well as matters excluded in the control scope of JD Cloud.
3.2.5 JD Cloud shall strictly abide by the obligation of confidentiality.
3.2.6 You understand and agree that JD Cloud will perform a computer room migration of the virtual machine you use when necessary. JD Cloud will inform you of the above operations 7 natural days in advance. Above operations may require modification of the DNS of your related domain name. Therefore, you need to modify the DNS to IP designated by JD Cloud as per the time required by JD Cloud after receiving the notification from JD Cloud. Otherwise, you will be responsible for the inability to access the website application thus caused.

 

**4. Saving, Destruction and Download of User's Data**
4.1 For service purposes, JD Cloud may provide services to you by using your data, including but not limited to sending you information about products and services, or detecting your data and service using behaviors.
4.2. Your user data will be disclosed partially or entirely under the following circumstances:
4.2.1 Disclosure to third parties with your consent;
4.2.2 Disclosure to third parties or administrative or judicial authorities in accordance with the relevant provisions of the law, or at the request of the administrative or judicial authorities;
4.2.3 If you have a violation of relevant Chinese laws and regulations, you need to disclose it to a third party;
4.2.4 In order to provide the software or services you require, you must share your data with third parties.
4.3. Unless otherwise specified by laws and regulations or agreed upon by JD Cloud and you, JD Cloud shall continue to store your data within 7 natural days from the expiration of the Service Terms or the date of early termination of the Service Terms for any reason. Your data will no longer be retained later, and you will be responsible for all consequences of its destruction.

**5. Intellectual Property**
5.1. You shall ensure that the materials submitted to JD Cloud, the use of JD Cloud services and the use consequence from the use of JD Cloud services do not infringe the legal rights of any third party. If a third party files a claim, lawsuit or may file a lawsuit against JD Cloud due to copyright infringement, infringement of the rights of a third party or violation of Chinese laws and regulations or other applicable laws, you shall compensate JD Cloud for the expenses or losses incurred to JD Cloud and completely exempt JD Cloud from the liabilities.
5.2. If a third party organization or individual challenges or lodges a complaint about the ownership of intellectual property rights of the relevant materials involved in your use of JD Cloud service, you are responsible for providing relevant intellectual property supporting evidence and cooperating with JD Cloud's complaint handling work.
5.3. You acknowledge that the intellectual property rights of any material, technology or technical support, software, services, etc. you provide to JD Cloud are owned by JD Cloud or a third party. Unless getting the express consent of JD Cloud or a third party, you have no right to copy, distribute, transfer, license or provide others to use the resources above, otherwise you shall bear corresponding responsibilities.

**6. Privacy Terms**
6.1. Confidential information means all technical and non-technical information disclosed by one party to the other (including but not limited to product information, product plans, prices, financial and marketing plans, business strategies, customer information, customer data, research and development materials, software and hardware, API application data interface, technical description, design, special formulas, special algorithms, etc.).
6.2. Either party to the Service Terms agrees to keep the above-mentioned confidential information of the other party confidential, strictly restricts the employees who access the above confidential information and make sure they comply with the confidentiality obligations of this terms. Unless a state agency makes a mandatory requirement or the above-mentioned confidential data has entered the public domain, the party that accepts confidential information shall not disclose them.
6.3. Both parties of the Service Terms expressly acknowledge that the confidential information is the key confidential information of both parties and an important asset of each party. Both parties of the Service Terms agree to do their utmost to protect the above confidential information from being disclosed. In case of any disclosure of the above confidential information, both parties shall cooperate to take all reasonable measures to avoid or mitigate the consequences of the damage.
6.4. This term does not lose efficiency upon termination of the Service Terms.

**7. Opening, Use and Termination of Services**
7.1. The service period is calculated from the day that you created (refers to the services shown and provided to you at [jdcloud.com](https://www.jdcloud.com/)) any Kubernetes service. The specific service term will be calculated based on your actual usage.
7.2. You shall keep your account balance sufficient for uninterrupted use of the service.
7.3. The service shall be terminated in advance in the following circumstances:
7.3.1 The parties terminate early by consensus;
7.3.2. If you close any of the Kubernetes service, JD Cloud will stop providing this Kubernetes service; if you close all Kubernetes services, the Service Terms will be terminated;
7.3.3 If you are in severe breach of the Service Terms (including but not limited to a. You failed to fulfill your payment obligations in accordance with the Agreement, and/or b. You have severely violated the law, etc.), JD Cloud reserves the right to terminate the service in advance and will not refund the fees you have already paid;
7.3.4  You understand and fully recognize that although JD Cloud has established (and, according to the development of technology, will continue to improve) necessary technical measures to protect against matters or behaviors (collectively referred to as such behaviors) endangering the network security including computer viruses, network intrusion and attack damage (including but not limited to DDOS), in consideration of the limitations and relativity of network security techniques and the unpredictability of such behaviors, if you encounter such behaviors and this causes harm to JD Cloud or other networks or servers (including but not limited to local, foreign and international networks, servers, etc.) of JD Cloud, or affects the smooth contact between JD Cloud and international Internet or JD Cloud and specific network/ server or internal smooth contact of JD Cloud, JD Cloud may decide to suspend or terminate the service. If it terminates the service, the service fee will be calculated according to the months where actual service is provided (if it is less than one month, it will be calculated as one month) and the remaining amount (if any) will be refunded.
7.3.5 JD Cloud may terminate this Service Terms in advance by announcing at [www.jdcloud.com](https://www.jdcloud.com/) or notifying you through website or in writing. At that time, JD Cloud shall refund the amount you have paid but not spent to your JD Cloud account.

 

**8. Liability for Breach of Contract**
8.1. Any party under this Service Terms shall be liable for breach of contract according to the law.
8.2. You understand that the following situations are not regarded as JD Cloud's breach for the particularity of computers and the Internet:
8.2.1 JD Cloud may necessarily interrupt the service for a short time during server configuration and maintenance;
8.2.2 The speed of your website access is reduced due to path blocking on the Internet.
8.3. In no event shall JD Cloud be liable for any indirect, consequential, disciplinary, incidental or special damages, including loss of profits suffered by you using JD Cloud services (even if you have been advised of the possibility of such losses).
8.4. In any case, the total amount of JD Cloud's liability for breach of the Service Terms shall not exceed the total service fee of the defaulted service.

**9. Force Majeure**
9.1. When the Service Terms is impossibly performed or become unnecessary or meaningless due to force majeure or other accidents, the party suffering from force majeure or accident shall not be held liable.
9.2. Force majeure or accidental events refer to unforeseeable, insurmountable and unavoidable objective events that have a significant impact on one or both parties, including but not limited to natural disasters such as floods, earthquakes, epidemics of plagues, and social events such as war, unrest, government actions, interruption of China telecom trunk lines, hackers network congestion, telecommunications sector technology adjustment and government regulation.

**10. Governing Law and Dispute Resolution**
10.1. The Service Terms is governed by the laws of the People's Republic of China.
10.2. Any dispute arising from the execution of the Service Terms shall be promptly resolved by both parties. When the negotiation fails, either party may file a lawsuit directly to the Daxing District People's Court in Beijing.

**11. Supplementary**
11.1. The service description and price description of JD Cloud on relevant page of [www.jdcloud.com](https://www.jdcloud.com/) and the order page agreed by you are an integral part of the Service Terms. If the service description and price description on relevant page of [www.jdcloud.com](https://www.jdcloud.com/) and the order page agreed by you are inconsistent with the Service Terms, the Service Terms shall prevail.
11.2. JD Cloud is entitled to, by announcing at [www.jdcloud.com](https://www.jdcloud.com/) or notifying you through website or in writing, transfer all or part of the rights and obligations under the Service Terms to JD Cloud's affiliates.
11.3. If any provisions should remain in existence in nature or otherwise at the termination of this Agreement, they shall be deemed to be renewed terms, including but not limited to guarantees terms, confidentiality terms, intellectual property terms, governing law and dispute resolution terms.
