## Product Function
### Dashboard
Provides the function of User Customized Metric Monitoring Data Display. Users can focus on the core service monitoring indicators in a dashboard to meet the scenarios of large-scale screen display, batch instance summary display, troubleshooting, and data comparison analysis.
## Resource Monitoring
Cloud Resource Monitoring monitors the indicators of all resources under the user name. The user can view the monitoring and alarm details of the corresponding resources in the Cloud Resource List. The user can set alarm rules and contacts according to the characteristics of various resources. When the Monitoring Item data of the resource triggers an alarm, the user sends a SMS and an E-mail notification to the alarm contact which has been set.
## Customized Metric Monitoring
Customized Metric Monitoring is a feature that provides users with the freedom to define monitoring items and alarm rules. Through this function, the user can monitor the business indicators that he/she cares about, report the collected monitoring data to the Cloud Monitor, and process the data by the Cloud Monitor, and then alarm according to the result.
### Alarm Management
The Alarm Management includes Alarm Rules and all alarm history. The alarm rules set by the user for various resources are displayed in Alarm Rules. All alarm history generated by various resources can be viewed in all Alarm History. The user can also customize the time period to view the alarm history according to his own needs.

