# Web security protection problems

#### If there are multiple configuration options for the protection configuration, what is the order in which the various functions take effect?

For protection configuration modules of application security gateway, the order of taking effect for each protection module is [Blocking Management]→[Customized Identity and Access Management Rules]→[WAF Rule Engine]→[CC Attack, BOT Management, Website Tamper-proofing], the attack log information generated by each module can be viewed on the analysis report page.

#### What threats can the application security gateway now protect against?

It can protect against OWASP TOP 10 threats such as SQL injection, XSS attack, command/code execution, file inclusion, Trojan horse upload, path crossing and malicious scanning. Protection effects can be searched by providing logs.

#### How to avoid affecting business after purchasing the application security gateway protection?

Currently, the application security gateway supports the detection mode and the protection mode, the detection mode can be first turned on to observe attack situation, after confirming there is no impact on the business, it can be switched to the protection mode to protect against the threats; if false alarm is found in the detection mode, feedback can be made by phone and ticket, and we will deal with it in time.

#### How to view the detailed protection logs for an instance?

After accessing into Console-Cloud Security-Application Security Gateway-Report Analysis page, it can view log information generated by the application security gateway, such as Web attack logs, CC protection logs, customized identity and access management rule logs, and running monitoring logs.

#### If deleting the application security gateway already associated with the load balancer, whether it will affect work of the load balancer?

No impact, the load balancer will still work normally.